Ome ha fix installation issues 20210112 (#541)
centreon/centreon-documentation: en/administration/centreon-ha/integrating-pollers.md

---
id: integrating-pollers
title: Integrating new pollers in a Centreon-HA cluster
---

## Obtaining central nodes' thumbprints

> Both central nodes' Gorgone service will need to be authorized on the pollers' Gorgone service. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both central nodes' Gorgone services will need to be authorized by the pollers' Gorgone services. 
```
